Source: https://www-users.york.ac.uk/~np7/research/Headspace/
Retrieved: 2026-10-09 (UTC)
SHA-256 of retrieved HTML: 23723f6a235bff35f21455907ead0d28322eab9bbbe922c5eaea50935f17a89b

License/usage-relevant lines (verbatim page text):

The dataset is free for University-based non-commercial research. It can only be requested by academics that are verifiable university employees using
user agreement form
The download file is a compressed tarball (.tar.gz), with file size 38GB.
The data is in OBJ format with BMP textures and is available online for download.
The dataset is supplied with subject-based and capture-based metadata in the file 'subject.txt'. The subject information includes: gender, declared ethnic group, age, eye color, hair color, beard descriptor (none, low, medium, high), moustache descriptor (none, low, medium, high), and a spectacles flag. The capture information contains a quality descriptor (free text, such as `data spike right upper lip'), a hair bulge flag (hair bulge under latex cap distorting the apparent cranial shape), a cap artefact flag (cap has a ridge at its apex due to poor fitting), a cranial hole flag (a missing part in the data scan at the cranium) and an under chin hole flag (missing part under chin).
The image below shows two radically different subjects in terms of head size/shape in the Headspace dataset.
download selection table
on the agreement form.
The same restrictions apply as for the raw data, in that these meshes are for non-commercial, University-based research use only. If they are employed in your research, then you should cite the following MICA project publication,
user agreement form
. The same restrictions apply as for the raw data, in that these meshes are for non-commercial, University-based research use only. If they are employed in your research, then you should cite the following REALY project publication:
After unzipping the REALY download file, you will find three folders, as follows:
, Sunnybrook Research Institute and University of Toronto. If you want these images and the spreadsheet summarising the subject/image meta data, please indicate this in the download selection table on the user agreement form.
We thank the funding bodies that have supported this research which include
Google, via their Faculty Research Awards Programme :
to Nick Pears' Research Projects page.
